Alright! In this section of the course, we
are going to get into looking at Swagger.
So, Swagger is a very powerful tool set.
We've already seen it used in the course.
We've been looking at the API
documentation deck generated by Swagger,
and what we're gonna do is show you
how much more powerful Swagger is. We're
gonna start off and take a look at
generating our own API documentation for
the RESTful API that we've been working
with and generate the Swagger
documentation for it. So, we'll add that
to our Spring Boot Application so it
gives a nice RESTful or nice API
documentation. So, it's a very very nice
thing to have, when you're documenting an
API. Then, I'm gonna show you how
you can customize that and really
enhance the API documentation for your
particular needs. So, there's a lot of
extensibility here. A lot of really cool
things that you can do with the Swagger
documentation and it's much larger
standard. So, by the end of this section
of the course, you're gonna have a
much better understanding about what
Swagger is and its capabilities.